data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/10.png.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/iphone-spotlight-settings-icon-29@2x.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/gem/2.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/gem/info.idx.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/11.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/gem/1.png.i
data/android/assets/services/1.png.i
data/android/libs/armeabi/libgdx.so.i
data/android/assets/services/0.png.i
data/android/assets/numbers/2.png.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/ipad-notifications-icon-20@1x.png.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/rooms/Opening.java.i
data/android/assets/services/6.png.i
data/android/ic_launcher-web.png.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/GO/Telega.java.i
data/android/assets/animations/b_fire/0.png.i
data/android/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/AndroidLauncher.java.i
data/android/assets/animations/b_fire/3.png.i
data/ios/data/Default@2x.png.i
data/android/res/mipmap-hdpi/ic_launcher.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/17.png.i
data/android/assets/numbers/7.png.i
data/ios/data/Default~ipad.png.i
data/android/assets/numbers/8.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/gem/3.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/6.png.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/ipad-spotlight-icon-40@2x.png.i
data/android/assets/numbers/5.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/15.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild/info.idx.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/ipad-pro-app-icon-83.5@2x.png.i
data/android/libs/arm64-v8a/libgdx.so.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/GO_Controller.java.i
data/android/android-release.apk.d
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/iphone-spotlight-icon-40@2x.png.i
data/android/assets/numbers/info.idx.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/info.idx.i
data/android/assets/services/13.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/trash/0.png.d
data/android/assets/animations/sheild/0.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/gem/5.png.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/Room.java.i
data/android/assets/animations/trash/0.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/gem/4.png.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/ViewPort.java.i
data/build.gradle.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/1.png.i
data/android/assets/numbers/1.png.i
data/android/assets/bonuces/4.png.i
data/android/res/mipmap-xxxhdpi/ic_launcher.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/trash/1.png.d
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/GO/Bonuces.java.i
data/settings.gradle.i
data/android/assets/animations/trash/1.png.i
data/AndroidKeyStore/NicWeiss.jks.i
data/ios/robovm.xml.i
data/android/assets/animations/gem/0.png.i
data/ios/robovm.properties.i
data/android/assets/services/16.png.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/GO/Services.java.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/GraphicLoader.java.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild/1.png.i
data/ios/data/Default@2x~ipad.png.i
data/gradlew.bat.i
data/android/res/mipmap-xhdpi/ic_launcher.png.i
data/android/libs/x86_64/libgdx.so.i
data/android/res/values/styles.xml.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/ipad-app-icon-76@1x.png.i
data/ios/build.gradle.i
data/ios/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/IOSLauncher.java.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/CoreClass.java.i
data/android/assets/services/15.png.d
data/android/assets/services/20.png.i
data/android/assets/services/15.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/9.png.i
data/android/res/mipmap-mdpi/ic_launcher.png.i
data/android/assets/numbers/9.png.i
data/android/assets/bg/Opening.png.d
data/android/assets/numbers/6.png.i
data/android/assets/bonuces/2.png.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/ipad-settings-icon-29@1x.png.i
data/gradle/wrapper/gradle-wrapper.jar.i
data/android/assets/bg/Opening.png.i
data/gradle.properties.i
data/android/res/values/strings.xml.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/2.png.i
data/android/assets/numbers/0.png.i
data/android/assets/bonuces/5.png.i
data/android/assets/numbers/3.png.i
data/android/assets/services/8.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/b_fire/info.idx.i
data/ios/data/Default.png.i
data/android/assets/bg/BadEnd.png.d
data/android/assets/bg/BadEnd.png.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/ipad-app-icon-76@2x.png.i
data/ios/data/Default-375w-667h@2x.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/19.png.i
data/android/AndroidManifest.xml.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/app-store-icon-1024@1x.png.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/GO/Ball.java.i
data/.gitignore.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/ipad-spotlight-icon-40@1x.png.i
data/android/libs/x86/libgdx.so.i
data/android/project.properties.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/4.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/trash/2.png.d
data/android/res/mipmap-xxhdpi/ic_launcher.png.i
data/ios/data/Default-414w-736h@3x.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/trash/3.png.d
data/ios/data/Default-1024w-1366h@2x~ipad.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/trash/3.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/trash/2.png.i
data/android/assets/bonuces/1.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/trash/4.png.d
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/iphone-spotlight-settings-icon-29@3x.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/trash/4.png.i
data/android/assets/services/info.idx.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/8.png.i
data/android/assets/system/player.png.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/ipad-settings-icon-29@2x.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/7.png.i
data/android/assets/numbers/4.png.i
data/android/assets/bonuces/0.png.i
data/core/build.gradle.i
data/.hgignore.i
data/android/libs/armeabi-v7a/libgdx.so.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/0.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/b_fire/1.png.i
data/gradle/wrapper/gradle-wrapper.properties.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/3.png.i
data/android/assets/bg/background.png.i
data/android/assets/services/2.png.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/ipad-notifications-icon-20@2x.png.i
data/desktop/build.gradle.i
data/android/assets/bg/background.png.d
data/android/assets/services/4.png.i
data/android/build.gradle.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/13.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/b_fire/4.png.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/iphone-notification-icon-20@3x.png.i
data/ios/Info.plist.xml.i
data/android/assets/services/4.png.d
data/android/proguard-rules.pro.i
data/android/assets/services/3.png.i
data/local.properties.i
data/android/assets/services/14.png.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/Animation.java.i
data/android/assets/bonuces/6.png.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/iphone-notification-icon-20@2x.png.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/Contents.json.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/5.png.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/iphone-spotlight-icon-40@3x.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/12.png.i
data/android/assets/services/19.png.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/Contents.json.i
data/desktop/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/desktop/DesktopLauncher.java.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/Obj.java.i
data/android/assets/services/9.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/16.png.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/iphone-app-icon-60@2x.png.i
data/android/android-release.apk.i
data/android/assets/animations/b_fire/2.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild/3.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/18.png.i
data/android/assets/services/7.png.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/rooms/Game.java.i
data/ios/data/Media.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/iphone-app-icon-60@3x.png.i
data/android/assets/bg/Logo.png.i
data/android/assets/bg/GoodEnd.png.d
data/android/android-releasev2.apk.d
data/android/assets/bg/GoodEnd.png.i
data/ios/data/Default-568h@2x.png.i
data/android/android-releasev2.apk.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/rooms/GoodEnd.java.i
data/android/assets/services/11.png.i
data/android/assets/services/5.png.i
data/android/assets/bonuces/3.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild/2.png.i
data/android/assets/services/12.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/sheild (copy 1)/14.png.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/rooms/Authors.java.i
data/android/assets/system/ball.png.i
data/android/assets/services/10.png.i
data/android/assets/animations/trash/info.idx.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/Physic.java.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/rooms/BadEnd.java.i
data/android/assets/services/18.png.i
data/android/assets/system/bar.png.i
data/core/src/com/id_softrare/rkn_arkanoid/GO/Player.java.i
data/android/assets/bonuces/info.idx.i
data/gradlew.i
data/android/assets/services/17.png.i
